.\" Process this file with
.\" grof -man -Tascii TBTKCreateProject.1
.\"
.TH TBTKCreateProject 1 "January 2017" TBTK "User Manual"
.SH NAME
TBTKCreateProject \- Creates a new project.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B TBTKCreate
.I projectName
.B [
.I templateName
.B ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B TBTKCreateProject
Creates a new project by copying one of the template projects into the current
directory.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "projectName"
The name of the new project folder.
.IP "templateName"
Optional name of the project to copy. Available options are:
.br
.RS 14
BasicArnoldi
.br
BasicChebyshev
.br
BasicDiagonalization
.br
BasicFourierTransform
.br
CarbonNanotube
.br
EmptyProject (default choice)
.br
HexagonalLattice
.br
PartialBilayer
.br
SelfConsistentSuperconductivity
.br
SelfConsistentSuperconductivityChebyshev
.br
SelfConsistentSuperconductivityChebyshevWithRestrictedEnvironment
.br
TopologicalInsulator3D
.br
WireOnSuperconductor
.RE
.SH FILES
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The following diagnostics may be issued by stderr:

Error: Missing project name (first argument)
.RS
The first paramater, the name of the new project, was not specified.
.RE
Error: No template project with the name '...' exists.
.RS
The second argument does not agree with any of the available template project
names.
.RE
Error: A folder with the name '...' already exists.
.RS
Unable to create a new project because a folder with the same name already
exists.
.SH AUTHOR
Kristofer Björnson (dafer45@hotmail.com)
.SH COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
Copyright 2016 Kristofer Björnson

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
