.\" Process this file with
.\" grof -man -Tascii TBTKCalculateDOS.1
.\"
.TH TBTKCalculateDOS 1 "November 2016" TBTK "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
TBTKCalculateDOS \- Calculates the density of states (DOS) for a given model file.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B TBTKCalcuateDOS [--verbose] [--lower-bound
.I value
.B ] [--upper-bound
.I value
.B ] [--energy-resolution
.I value
.B ]
.I file
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B TBTKCalculateDOS
Calculates the density of states (DOS) for a given model file. By default the
DOS is calculated over the full range from the smallest to the largest
eigenvalue, using an energy resolution of 10000 points.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP --verbose
Print progress to stdout.
.IP "--lower-bound value"
Set lower bound of DOS.
.IP "--upper-bound value"
Set upper bound of DOS.
.IP "--energy-resolution value"
Set number of energy points used to calculate the DOS.
.SH FILES
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The following diagnostics may be issued by stderr:

Unknown argument
.RS
Unable to recognize one or more input arguments.
.RE
Input file missing
.RS
Input file missing.
.SH AUTHOR
Kristofer Björnson (dafer45@hotmail.com)
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR TBTKEstimateDOS (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
Copyright 2016 Kristofer Björnson

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
