.\" Process this file with
.\" grof -man -Tascii TBTKCalculateDOS.1
.\"
.TH TBTKCalculateDOS 1 "November 2016" TBTK "User Manual"
.SH NAME
TBTKCalculateDOS \- Generates a model from a gray scale image.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B TBTKCalcuateDOS [--verbose] [--depth
.I value
.B ] [--cubic] [--bcc] [--fcc] [--diamond]
.I file
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B TBTKCalculateDOS
Generates a model from a gray scale image. Each pixel is turned into a pile of
unit cells, where the gray shade determines the stack height. The unit cell can
be choosen to contain states organized in Cubic, BCC, FCC, or diamond
configurations within the unit cell. By default a two-dimensional model is
generated for which each non-black pixel is represented by a single state.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP --verbose
Print progress to stdout.
.IP "--depth value"
Number of gray shades. The stack height is given by floor((pixelValue + 1/2.)*255/value).
.IP "--cubic"
Use cubic unit cell.
.IP "--bcc"
Use BCC unit cell.
.IP "--fcc"
Use FCC unit cell.
.IP "--diamond"
Use diamond unit cell.
.SH FILES
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The following diagnostics may be issued by stderr:

Unknown argument
.RS
Unable to recognize one or more input arguments.
.RE
Input file missing
.RS
Input file missing.
.RE
Unable to open file 'filename'
.RS
Unable to open file
.SH AUTHOR
Kristofer Björnson (dafer45@hotmail.com)
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SH COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
Copyright 2016 Kristofer Björnson

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
