.\" Process this file with
.\" grof -man -Tascii TBTKCreateApplication.1
.\"
.TH TBTKCreateApplication 1 "January 2017" TBTK "User Manual"
.SH NAME
TBTKCreateApplication \- Creates a new application.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B TBTKCreate
.I applicationName
.B [
.I templateName
.B ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B TBTKCreateApplication
Creates a new application by copying one of the template application into the
current directory.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "applicationtName"
The name of the new application folder.
.IP "templateName"
Optional name of the application to copy. Available options are:
.br
.RS 14
BasicArnoldi
.br
BasicChebyshev
.br
BasicDiagonalization
.br
BasicFourierTransform
.br
CarbonNanotube
.br
EmptyProject (default choice)
.br
HexagonalLattice
.br
PartialBilayer
.br
SelfConsistentSuperconductivity
.br
SelfConsistentSuperconductivityChebyshev
.br
SelfConsistentSuperconductivityChebyshevWithRestrictedEnvironment
.br
TopologicalInsulator3D
.br
WireOnSuperconductor
.RE
.SH FILES
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The following diagnostics may be issued by stderr:

Error: Missing application name (first argument)
.RS
The first paramater, the name of the new application, was not specified.
.RE
Error: No template application with the name '...' exists.
.RS
The second argument does not agree with any of the available template
application

names.
.RE
Error: A folder with the name '...' already exists.
.RS
Unable to create a new application because a folder with the same name already
exists.
.SH AUTHOR
Kristofer Björnson (dafer45@hotmail.com)
.SH COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
Copyright 2016 Kristofer Björnson

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
