.\" Process this file with
.\" grof -man -Tascii TBTKCalculateDOS.1
.\"
.TH TBTKEstimateDOS 1 "November 2016" TBTK "User Manual"
.SH NAME
TBTKEstimateDOS \- Estimates the density of states (DOS) for a given model file by sampling the local density of states (LDOS).
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B TBTKCalcuateDOS [--verbose] [--use-gpu] [--use-cpu] [--scale-factor
.I value
.B ] [--coefficients
.I value
.B ] [--energy-resolution
.I value
.B ] [--samples
.I value
.B ] [--index-pattern
.I {10, *, 2, ...}
.I file
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B TBTKCalculateDOS
Calculates the density of states (DOS) for a given model file by sampling the
local density of states (LDOS). The calculation is carried out using the
Chebyshev expansion of the Green's function. By default the DOS is estimated
using 100 sample points, 5000 Chebyshev coefficients, 10000 energy points, and
a scale factor of 20.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP --verbose
Print progress to stdout.
.IP --use-gpu
Use GPU to calculate the Chebyshev coefficients.
.IP --use-cpu
Use CPU to calculate the Chebyshev coefficients.
.IP "--scale-factor value"
Scale factor used in the Chebyshev expansion. Must be larger than the absolute
value of the largest eigenvalue.
.IP "--coefficients value"
Number of coefficients used in the Chebyshev expansion.
.IP "--energy-resolution value"
Number of energy points used to estimate the DOS.
.IP "--samples value"
Number of sample points used to calculate the DOS.
.IP "--index-patter {10, *, 2, ...}"
Index pattern used to estimate the DOS. Only indices agreeing with the
specified index-pattern will be included in the estimate. The '*'-symbol can be
used as a wildcard.
.SH FILES
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.SH "COMMON ISSUES"
Output contains 'nan'
.RS
Ensure that the scale factor is large enough.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The following diagnostics may be issued by stderr:

Unknown argument
.RS
Unable to recognize one or more input arguments.
.RE
Input file missing
.RS
Input file missing.
.RE
--use-cpu and --use-gpu cannot be simultaneously specified.
.RS
Accepts at most one of the flags to be specified.
.RE
Expected 'symbol' while reading index pattern, found 'symbol'.
.RS
Incorrect index pattern specified.
.RE
Found 'symbol' while parsing...
.RS
Incorrect index pattern specified.
.SH AUTHOR
Kristofer Björnson (dafer45@hotmail.com)
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR TBTKCalculateDOS (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
Copyright 2016 Kristofer Björnson

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
